today Kevin and I are going to try the
limited edition red velvet Oreo cookies
these were 279 at Meijer and none of you
told me these were coming out so
honestly I'm not going to say anyone's
name because if there were none of you
that I actually wrote down and kept
track of there were probably more people
that tell me hey red velvet Oreos are
coming out I appreciate every single one
of you telling me though because I need
to be on the lookout for these February
2nd today so let's get started these are
made with cream cheese their sandwich
cookies and this is a it feels like a
teeny tiny package we looked I looked at
the other special edition ones all those
had 24 dural for kitty
yeah there's 20 in this one oh so we're
getting for Less cookies well I'm
telling you the package it is a tiny
package the cookies are small it's
noticeable and they were still 279 so
you're still paying the same price there
are still two cookies or a header for
retailers so 70 calories be that hasn't
changed at all nope I get this money
that's a shame as they are making floral
packages and now we'll I'll try to take
a picture of this and insert that at the
end so that you can see it but it's it
looks like their basic cookie smells
good it smells like a cream you know I
smell a smell really wow that decimal do
it
they're similar to the regular Oreo
mm-hmm but they are different enough to
say they're not a regular right yeah you
can tell the difference you can taste
you can taste cream cheese dude I like
mm-hmm a lot and it's not the same
chocolate what typical Oreo has a
certain kind of chocolate that you know
that's an Oreo cookie right this is
different this doesn't taste like their
typical chocolate cookie no it's been a
long times I had red velvet real true
red velvet cake so I don't know if this
tastes like red velvet but they are
really good is Harlan no you got the
cream cheese flavor so that's definitely
part of it and the chocolate is
definitely a properly flavor mm-hmm no I
like that quite a bit
they're really good and it just says on
the back cream cheese flavored cream red
velvet cookie and of course it's
artificially flavored we knew that run
it's ten ounces and like we said you
only there's ten ten servings per
container so I was like used to 20
cookies for 279 so I guess that's not
too bad of a price to pay for a limited
edition cookie and they're good they're
really yeah they really are good I would
give these a try even though the pocket
is smaller shame on the best go for
doing that I don't know why they did
that but it is a good coat and antenna
said we got to admire you had actually
called target targets that they hadn't
got it all right yeah marketing is
chipping in and but the last cookies
what were the last special edition
cookies he Worth's the best on a pumpkin
spice is one of them that's wasn't that
the last special edition cookie I can't
remember what it was target didn't get
it in for a long time which really
surprised me because target usually
beats everyone else but they did not
have these today so Meyer for some
reason in our area Meyer is the the
go-to to get the special edition or
cookies and you have to really look for
more your missile yeah because I almost
missed these they were just mixed in
because you can see from size they have
all stacked up like that it looks like a
regular package of Oreos and I just
happen to catch a glance glimpse of that
little red fella right there I mean
literally it's t pay rent over there
that's what I saw wouldn't it that's
different yeah I send him after work so
cuz Meyer isn't in the town we live in
it's in the town where he works it's how
he has to stop there on his way home
unfortunately for him so anyway they're
a good cookie they're different enough
to try I hope you get them in your area
and thanks for watching